VERSION HISTORY NOTES1.5b2 (990813	- fixed bug that caused error messages when cancelling a new LL	shortcut and quiting the Prefs app in rapid succession.1.5.1b1 (990413)	- fixed bug that caused an error message and prevented the Dash Board	Time Display from opening on non-US systems (German OS, etc.)1.5.1b1 (990415)	- fixed problem with bugtrap and bogus error message (sndHider)---------------------1.5b17	- fixed bug that could cause built in apps to appear frozen (snowflake icon) in the	menus.1.5b16	- added test for weird bug submitted by Ruper Schlick. should just print out	some info from within T_SymToAlias when it hits a NIL pRef. Maybe this help figure cause.		- removed some debug print statements from non-debug builds1.2b15	- fixed bug that prevented the analog clocks in the new Dash Board	time display from updating properly when the time is changed.1.2b14	- changed Hide Button Bar routine slightly to improve compatibility with	Button Bar Editor (and probably other apps that deal with the soft button bar).		- scroll arrows now properly appear on the outside, rather than the inside, when 	in landscape mode with buttons left.		- believed to have fixed extremely rare bug that could cause -48418 errors when	Dash Board is opened (confirmation pending).		- When rotating the screen, the "Dash Board is rebuilding the display" message	 now rotates to match the new orientation.	1.2b13	- fixed bug where dragging the last icon on the button bar to the empty area	of the button bar would cause an error	1.2b12	- fixed problem with minibar appearing in wrong location when first opened1.2b11	- added new Dash Board multi-city time display, which can optionally	be displayed by tapping the time button on the button bar.1.2b10	- believed to have fixed the -48406 error some users were seeing with 	Hide Button Bar in some orientations	1.2b9	- added Books submenu, which displays a submenu containing active Newtonbooks	-added Dash Board multiple clock time display	1.2b8	- added "Seed number" display in the registration slip, to make it easier for	users with non-Roman names (e.g., Japanese) to register.	1.2b7	- added ButtonToggleOverride() func that allows us to preprocess	buttonToggle() calls when apps are launched, to override their behavior with 	our own. Translation: PowerNames workaround.		- Added new scripting command, DashBoardFakePNButton(). This allows simulating	a tap on the PN Names button, on either the icon or the text, with either tap or tap-hold.1.2b6	- fixed cosmetic issue with rebuilding display slip1.2b5	- DB now shows its own "rebuilding display" dialog to avoid redraw funkiness		- now ensure that GetUserConfig('buttonBarPositions) is not NIL	when we open the app. preventing -48200 error (apparently it has been nil for some users, 	not an array as it should be..)1.2b4	- fixed some bad code that could cause -48200 errors and/or leave the	mini button bar on screen when it should not be1.2b3	- fixed several potential -48200 errs1.2b2	- Hide/Show button bar command now appears in Newton menu if	“Show separate mini-buttons for Running and Recent Apps menus”	preference is enabled (bug in 1.2b1 prevented this).	- New Special Item “Toggle Button Bar” toggles the button bar between	Show/Hide states (this	- Dash Board now ensures that if you delete the Dash board package	(why would you ever do that? ;-) when the button bar is hidden, the	button bar is restored, so the user is never left with no button bar after	deleting Dash Board1.2b1	- DashBoardInsertText scripting method (new)	- Hide Button Bar now works better	- fixed crash on reboot with GLEngine installed 	(related to GUI update msgs being sent to closed views)1.5d23 - added DB_Hide, DB_Unhide commands for hidiing the button bar	and displaying the small floating minibar.	1.5d5 - fixed error at reboot on a few users' machines	with GLEngine 3.1.1 installed,1.5d2 - added simplistic workaround to defeat DocNZ's 	first Dash Board reg generator. (he can easily work 	around it whenever he makes new vsn though).